CS-11412: Avoid special characters in config (#2203)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/multisite/multisite_configuration.md

!!! caution

    Different SiteAccesses can only have different `var_dir` if they also have different repositories.

>     Make sure you don't have special characters in your `var_dir` values.

Author: ```suggestion
    Make sure you don't have hidden characters in your `var_dir` values.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Make sure you don't have special/Unicode characters in your `var_dir` values.
```

Author: ```suggestion
    Make sure you don't have special or Unicode characters in your `var_dir` values.
```

>     Make sure you don't have special or Unicode characters in your `var_dir` values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Make sure there are no special or Unicode characters in  your `var_dir` values.
```

Reviewer 3: Additional space ("in  your...") not needed.

Reviewer 3: Additional space not needed.
